Your Majesty may I present to you the
greatest detective of all time Sherlock
Holmes
and dr. John Watson
I love you Oh Sherlock Holmes his
methods are ingenious the hell he's a
master of disguise what have you done
with Sherlock why Watson I never left
and his mind is brilliant angle of
approach compensate for open-floor
termination yes detail in buckingham
palace solve this case in four days or I
will kill the Queen science professor
James Moriarty
[Music]
come on sir we have a killer to catch no
showing up
shall we begin the autopsy dr. grace
Hart a woman doctor and possible
fortunately we have a real doctor here
would you like some heroin
[Music]
I have two days left to live so this
case Majesty would you mind if we had a
picture together
what's the girls going to take the
photograph I will take you see it's sort
of a self photograph he's a real fan I
swear I never do this
[Music]